Add note about the `allowJs` tsconfig compiler option in `content-collections.mdx` (#2646)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

}
```

> :::note[Not using TypeScript?]

Reviewer: I think this note looks good!

The only thing I'm wondering about is how explicitly to make sure people know that the section above (that's not in a note) ALSO (very likely) applies to peeps not using TypeScript.  someone's eyes might just glance here and see the ONE new line, when really, if they're not using TS, they won't have `strict` or `strictest`, so in fact, they'll need EVERYTHING in the code sample in the note.

This *could* be as simple as "If you're not using typescript, you'll ALSO have to..." (not sure whether in fact ALL the lines should be `+` diffs). Again, the worry is just that the "note" format is so visually strong, and says, "Not
 using TypeScript?" that I can totally see this pulling people into skipping the part about strictNullChecks above. So, this "note" might have to cover that, too.

(Which also means, should this in fact be a note, or just a "If you're not writing any TypeScript at all..." paragraph?)

Reviewer 2: The code sample here does show the full `tsconfig` you need — `allowJs` and `strictNullChecks` — so maybe it’s enough to simply highlight _both_ of those as new/inserted lines?

Definitely think there’s an argument for paragraph/subhead over note though — happy either way.

Author: @sarah11918 Yeah I think making this note a paragraph will make the previous paragraph look less specific to TypeScript users, we won't even need to highlight both lines, we'll just add to the previous code block

> If you use `.js` or `.mjs` files in an Astro project, you can enable IntelliSense and type checking in your editor by enabling `allowJs` in your `tsconfig.json`:
> ```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={5}

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If you use `.js` or `.mjs` files in an Astro project, you can enable IntelliSense and type checking in your editor by enabling `allowJs` in your `tsconfig.json` in addition to adding `strictNullChecks` as described above:
```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={4-5}
````
Is this overkill?

Author: Sorry, I just saw this suggestion. Do you think this still fits in new the commit I made?

Reviewer: Ooh, I like that! I think this looks good!

Author: Awesome! Just waiting for the ✅s then.

}
```

> :::note
> When using JavaScript files in an Astro project using a `tsconfig.json`, you won't get intellisense or type-checking, unless your project is using a `jsconfig.json`. As such, when using a JavaScript file as your Content Collections configuration file, you won't get those benifits.
> To get type checking and intellisense for JavaScript files in that case, you will need to update your `tsconfig.json` to enable the `allowJs` compiler option.
> 
> ```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={6}
> {
>   // Note: No change needed if you use "astro/tsconfigs/strict" or "astro/tsconfigs/strictest"
>   "extends": "astro/tsconfigs/base",
>   "compilerOptions": {
>     "strictNullChecks": true,
>     "allowJs": true
>   }
> }
> ```
> :::

Reviewer 2: Thanks again for this @MoustaphaDev! I read through the page thinking about this in context and I actually think this is maybe the right place for this. What do you think about these tweaks?

My goals here were:
- slim this down a bit to be clear and compact
- frame positively: doing X? => do Y

```suggestion
:::note[Not using TypeScript?]
If you use `.js` or `.mjs` files in an Astro project, you can enable IntelliSense and type checking in your editor using a [`jsconfig.json`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig) or by enabling `allowJs` in your `tsconfig.json`:

```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={5}
{
  "extends": "astro/tsconfigs/base",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "strictNullChecks": true,
    "allowJs": true
  }
}
```
:::
```

Reviewer 3: I would recommend `allowJs` first over `jsconfig.json`, since the latter isn't standard and not every tool load it / load it properly

Reviewer 2: Thanks @Princesseuh! In that case I might be tempted to cut it down to just this. No extra action needed if you have `jsconfig.json` but we’re not recommending that path anyway.

````suggestion
:::note[Not using TypeScript?]
If you use `.js` or `.mjs` files in an Astro project, you can enable IntelliSense and type checking in your editor by enabling `allowJs` in your `tsconfig.json`:
```json title="tsconfig.json" ins={5}
{
  "extends": "astro/tsconfigs/base",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "strictNullChecks": true,
    "allowJs": true
  }
}
```
:::
````

Author: Sounds good
